The Hook is an app that can connect job seekers and employers. It allows users to create story which explains who they are and what they are looking for. It allows job seekers to create pitches which employers can view and find out more. It allows companies to create job listings and reach job seekers with necessary skills.

As a user, I should be able to sign up and become a user.

As a user, I should be able to go to the homepage and log in.

As a user, I should be able to choose my role, company or individual.

As a user, I should be able to create a story.

As a user, I should be able to create a pitch.

As a user, I should be able to see all pitches.

As a user, I should be able to see all available stories.

As a user, I may edit my own pitches.

As a user, I can edit my own stories.

As a user, I can delete my stories.

As a user, I can delete my pitches.

As a user, I can search by keywords and roles.





== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.




For Seedfile:
# pj_pitch = Pitch.create(story: pj_story, pitch: "I'm looking for a Ruby on Rails Wizard")
# phil_pitch = Pitch.create(story: phil_pitch, pitch: "I am a Ruby on Rails Wizard.")
# travis_pitch = Pitch.create(story: travis_pitch, pitch: "I like the Bachelorette.")

